# trimension
The game can be played with 2 or 3 players, but I’m mostly working with just 2 right now. It’s also designed to be played on 3 levels, and I’m only concentrating on one right now (but you’ll see it set up for 3 in the code, so you’ll know why). Each player starts out with 30 pips which are placed alternately on the vertices of the colored lines of the board. If a player cannot make a move, they must pass. Once all the pips have been played, the player with the most wins.
There are two ways to gain pips:
1.	Equilateral Triangles. If a player places pips on all three corners of an equilateral triangle, that player captures all opponent pieces inside and on the lines of the triangle and that area is now off-limits for placement of opponent pips. A player can place pips inside their own Triangles.
2.	Burns. If a player places three of their own pips all adjacent to each other, they “Burn” any vertex which is adjacent to all three. If there is an opponent pip on any of the Burns, the pip is captured and the vertex is now off-limits to the opponent. A player can place a pip on their own Burn. (see Diagrams)
3.	A Burn can capture a corner or a vertex on the line of a Triangle. If a player burns a vertex on the line of an opponent’s Triangle, that player can place a pip on the vertex they just burned. If two players burn the same vertex, no player may place a pip on it.
4.	If a Triangle surrounds one or more of the pips creating a Burn, the Burn is dissolved and the pips inside the Triangle are captured. If a Triangle surrounds a Burn, but leaves the pips creating the Burn intact, the Burn remains intact.
Right now, the board is programmed to 37 vertices, but the real board is much bigger. The Burns will translate no problem, but the findTriangles is going to grow exponentially with each additional layer. (I think it will…the number of vertices grows exponentially…but I haven’t figured out the algorithms for that part yet…I may run out of computing time faster than I think.) I’m not sure how big I’ll end up making the computer board (the real board is much bigger than a computer screen.) 

I have some ideas of how to make the ai part, but doing a fully functioning one is too much for me to do in a term. But, I would love to research some of the different algorithms I’m going to have to choose from and analyze which of those would be the best choice. I know my findTriangles part is going to be huge and I need to figure out how huge so I can decide on how big I can make my board and still have a chance at doing an ai at all. I’ve done a little research on the Go ai and found out an ai can do really well on a 9 width grid, but takes too long on an 18 width grid to be any good yet. I don’t know if my game is going to be as complicated as Go, but I’d love to start figuring that out. I think my project would be a lot of pseudo code and analyzing if I were to go the ai path. I also know adding layers of vertices will add layers of findTriangles logic and that would be actual code I could test.  Maybe a combination?
